Correct `as` values for `link` (#44146)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/reference/attributes/rel/modulepreload/index.md

If `crossorigin` is set to [`use-credentials`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Attributes/crossorigin#use-credentials) then the credentials mode is [`include`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/credentials#include), and user credentials for both single- and cross-origin requests.

The [`as`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/link#as) attribute is optional for links with `rel="modulepreload"`, and defaults to `"script"`.

> Other possible values are governed by [Links spec](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/links.html#module-preload-destination). For list of script-like destinations refer [Fetch spec](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#request-destination-script-like).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be set to `"script"`, `"style"`, `"json"`, `"text"`, or any script-like destination, such as `"audioworklet"`, `"paintworklet"`, `"serviceworker"`, `"sharedworker"`, or `"worker"`. The full set of allowed values is defined in the HTML spec's [module preload destination](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/links.html#module-preload-destination) mapping. For the list of script-like destinations, refer to the [Fetch spec](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#request-destination-script-like).
```

I don’t think we should be removing examples from MDN and sending people to read specs.
